Endpoints
Tavily Search
Execute a search query using Tavily Search.
POST
/
search
Authorizations
​
Authorization
string
header
required
Bearer authentication header in the form Bearer <token>, where <token> is your Tavily API key (e.g., Bearer tvly-YOUR_API_KEY).
Body
application/json
Parameters for the Tavily Search request.
​
query
string
required
The search query to execute with Tavily.
​
topic
enum<string>
default:
general
The category of the search.
Available options: general, news 
​
search_depth
enum<string>
default:
basic
The depth of the search. A basic search costs 1 API Credit, while an advanced search costs 2 API Credits.
Available options: basic, advanced 
​
max_results
integer
default:
5
The maximum number of search results to return.
Required range: 0 < x < 20
​
time_range
enum<string>
The time range back from the current date to filter results.
Available options: day, week, month, year, d, w, m, y 
​
days
integer
default:
3
Number of days back from the current date to include. Available only if topic is news.
Required range: x > 0
​
include_answer

default:
false
Include an LLM-generated answer to the provided query. basic or true returns a quick answer. advanced returns a more detailed answer.
​
include_raw_content
boolean
default:
false
Include the cleaned and parsed HTML content of each search result.
​
include_images
boolean
default:
false
Also perform an image search and include the results in the response.
​
include_image_descriptions
boolean
default:
false
When include_images is true, also add a descriptive text for each image.
​
include_domains
string[]
A list of domains to specifically include in the search results.
​
exclude_domains
string[]
A list of domains to specifically exclude from the search results.
Response
200

application/json
Search results returned successfully
​
query
string
The search query that was executed.
​
answer
string
A short answer to the user's query, generated by an LLM. Included in the response only if include_answer is requested (i.e., set to true, basic, or advanced)
​
images
object[]
List of query-related images. If include_image_descriptions is true, each item will have url and description.

Show child attributes
​
results
object[]
A list of sorted search results, ranked by relevancy.

Show child attributes
​
response_time
number
Time in seconds it took to complete the request.